No Culture priority chosen!  Choose a Culture level before proceeding.
Enlightened: A few great civilizations rise above others and gain near mythical status. Learned beyond normal men, people of enlightened cultures are builders of cyclopean pyramids and towers that pierce the skies. Enlightened characters are especially long lived and begin play with these modifiers: +1 each to Tenacity, Sagacity and Heart; minimum 2, maximum 8/9 One bonus supernatural or culture related Asset Occultism Skill always allowed. 14 bonus Skill points.
Savage: Savages include warriors from the frozen north and witch-doctors from the trackless wastes of the south. Savages tend to have a close connection with nature, but remain ignorant of many developments that more civilized people take for granted. Savage characters begin play with these modifiers: +1 each to Brawn, Daring and Tenacity; minimum 2, maximum 8/9 7 bonus Skill points related to Survival, Climbing, Animal Ken, etc.
Hillman / Nomad: Hillmen live in broken mountainous regions that are hard to traverse. Nomads roam the empty wastes beyond the civilized cities; quick to strike, and bound by no laws. Nomadic and Hillmen characters begin play with the following modifiers: 7 bonus Skill points related to Survival, Climbing, Animal Ken, etc.
Civilized: Savages and Hillmen eventually gather together to cultivate the land, build great cities, develop trade, and study medicine, mathematics and languages. In the civilized lands dwell noble knights, wise kings, and learned sages — as well as greedy merchants and cunning thieves. Civilized characters begin play with no particular advantages or disadvantages.
Decadent: Great civilizations reach their peak and eventually start to decline. Such fallen empires are ruled by jaded nobles, corrupt priests and wicked slave-traders. Decadent characters begin play with the following modifiers: -1 to Tenacity; minimum 1, maximum 7 Player’s choice of either -1 to Brawn (minimum 1, maximum 7) or one Poor Asset related to mental handicaps like Addiction, Sadism, etc.
Degenerate: The last survivors of decadent civilizations start to feud over dwindling resources, or are driven away by stronger cultures. Fleeing into the wilderness, or deep underground beneath their ruins, they start to inbreed and devolve into something no longer entirely human. Degenerate characters begin play with the following modifiers: -1 to three Attributes; minimum 1, maximum 7 Two Poor Assets chosen by player, focused on bodily handicaps and gruesome mental illnesses such as Necrophilia, Inhuman, etc.