No Secret chosen.|0|0|UNUSED
Abomination|1|5|This hours long extended ritual must be conducted, with slight alterations, every week during about the first third of the pregnancy over the body of a woman who is either a willing participant or else powerless to resist. It changes the embryo into some monstrosity, whose eventual birth will almost certainly kill the mother.
The Acolyte's Claw|1|5|This Arcane Secret is no sorcerous spell at all, but rather a supremely deadly martial art harnessing the sorcerer’s eldritch power into smooth movements and devastating blows. It is usable only for hand strikes and Maneuvers conducted with the empty hands, and for Evasion hand parries – which are possible without any chance of harm to the arm even against weapons.
Animate the Dead|2|0|With this ritual lasting 30 minutes to an hour, the sorcerer can animate a dead body to a semblance of life and thereby create an undead. This Arcane Secret is intended to work on embalmed mummies and reasonably fresh corpses still physically largely intact, but may in some settings also work on largely decomposed corpses.
Bind the Soul|2|0|This Arcane Secret forces a dead person’s soul into a body, in the process evicting the owner’s soul. To conduct this hour-long ritual, the sorcerer must first conjure a deceased person’s soul, as normal for the Mystery of Necromancy. Instead of questioning the soul, he instead conducts the ritual, anchoring the conjured soul in another’s body. During the ritual, the host body must be conscious and either a willing participant (unlikely) or else restrained.
Blight|1|3|In a ritual of roughly one hour’s duration, the sorcerer curses a land and afflicts it with a terrible blight. A single “unit” of land with either geographical (e.g. a valley or an island) or political (e.g. a county or a city state) boundaries of up to about 5.000 km² can be affected.
Chariot of Sorcery|1|2|By means of this ritual the sorcerer permanently enchants some kind of vehicle over the course of one week to one month of labour. With 1 Success on the Casting Check (made with the worse of either Goety or Necromany SP) the vehicle may be the size of a chariot, palanquin or rowboat.
Eldritch Effigies|1|4|By use of this sorcerous ritual of a single Limelight duration, the sorcerer splits himself into as many versions of himself as he achieves Casting Successes. Depending on the setting these new versions of himself may either step out of him or simply appear in his vicinity.
Firestorm|3|8|This Arcane Secret imparts knowledge of a ritual of three Limelights’ duration and allows the sorcerer to spread out the effect of his Witchfire Mystery over a vast area, targeting everybody within it.
Hand of Doom|1|2|This is a dreadful Arcane Secret that can be easily cast almost instantaneously, definitely in a single Limelight. The sorcerer calls words of power and extends his hand towards a target within no more than 10 meters and can sorcerously rip off limbs, or tearing organs from the victims body at will.
Master the Beast|1|4|This short ritual, easily completed within a single Limelight, calls local animals into the sorcerer’s presence, enables them to understand his wishes and forces them to his bidding for the duration of the current scene, after which they will disperse again.
Mold the Flesh|1|2|This Arcane Secret imparts knowledge of a surprisingly short ritual, easily completed in but a single Limelight that allows the sorcerer to temporarily shift his shape into another creature’s, thereby attaining all this creature’s physical characteristics.
Plague Wind|2|5|This Arcane Secret imparts knowledge of how to conduct a lengthy ritual requiring several hours to complete that will afflict an area with a very deadly plague. The area where the plague first appears must be one with distinct political or geographical boundaries, exactly as with Blight, but it will spread naturally beyond this area.
Portal|1|2|By use of this ritual the sorcerer establishes a link between two locales, no matter how distant, effectively conjoining those locales and allowing things and beings from one to pass through to the other.
Shake the Bones of the Earth|1|0|With this ritual’s duration of about an hour or two, the sorcerer creates a violent earthquake. The area affected at full strength has a diameter of about half a kilometre, with areas farther out being struck by less violent tremors. The epicentre of the full strength is surrounded by concentric rings of about half a kilometre each.
Whisper My Name in Fear|6|7|Once a sorcerer learns this Secret, he will know from that moment on whenever his name is spoken anywhere in the world. If somebody utters the sorcerer’s name, the sorcerer immediately and unfailingly learns this person’s name, location, identity (e.g. farmer, nobleman, soldier, etc.), in what context his name was spoken (e.g. hostile, reverential, in awe, plotting, etc.), and also the names and identities of this person’s interlocutors.